0. Mention updates on software
1. Brief update on Grad Student Satisfaction Survey (10:22)
2. Reminder to let us know any additional topics for the faculty meeting (10:24)
3. Student compact discussion (10:31)
    i. Time to review draft
    ii. Questions feedback (adjust phrasing) 10:36
        * Discussion around hard/soft skill separation didn't have definitive response, but most didn't mind the separation.
        * Discussion around PI expectations for existing skill sets not being addressed in skills questions (1,2). This is addressed later on in section 3 and 4.
    iii. Questions feedback (addition and removal)
        * Request for more direct conversation around expectations around volunteering (e.g. BIGSA, UGA Grad Pride). Folks agree that it's not clear it was addressed in question
        * Discussion on including a section for expectations around publications and software development
            * Guppy not a fan due to worries around academic goals being distilled to a numbers game
            * Zarif advocate for such a question because it provides a more clear metric indicating it is time to graduate.
            * Dr. Glenn mentions this kind of already exists. The expectation is at least 3 first author papers worth of content. Sometimes this differs for reasons specific to the student, but this is the typical expectation. Not including this in the list is unlikely to change that. 
            * Most folks agree this is a good addition for discussion.
        * Request for a question around coops/internship expectations.
        * Request to split "preferred work style" question into two questions about work style and meetings/mentorship style
    iv. Format confirmation
        * Split format good. 
        * Question order needs work.
    v. Procedures discussion
        * Briefly describe process involved (i.e. we will vote, then bring to IOB faculty)
        * how often should we renew these compacts?
            * annual review 
            * Add in an IDP? Hard enough to get buy in on this. Maybe we can work on that in a future iteration.
        * How should dual PI folks be handled?
            * PIs meet and discuss as a single entity. Prep them ahead of time.
            * Olivia has experience with this, they offered to provide some tips at some point.
        * Should PIs and students required to complete? Yes.
        * Should we have a list of example expectations which are not acceptable?
            * May not be necessary, IOB office would likely know what things are crazy.
        * Centrally managed by IOB to make sure things are above board
        * Suppose theres a disagreement, then what happens?
            * grad coordinator then committee, then director, then grad school.
        * Should there be a default mentor setup so students can browse?
            * This would be nice, but may limit tailoring of the compact to each student.
            * Could we post our compacts publicly?
                * Dr. Glenn: likely not publicly, that would make folks uncomfortable.
                * BIGSA private repo?
                * Dr. Glenn: in a BIGSA private repo, not unless both parties explicitly agree to it being shared.
                * We could share just our part of it, but that may be insufficient and still make folks uncomfy. 
                * Depending on how the compacts are submitted, could we have people sign off on their comfort sharing the response to each question separately (ie if students are comfortable sharing most of the compact but not 'marginalized group' etc which might be identifying)
                * We should discuss the limitations and what is allowed more with Travis in the future -- students generally expressed that some level of sharing would be helpful to them; could the shared responses be sufficiently disassociated from each other and anonymized?
        * Expectation page? Mentors, one pager expectations for folks to peruse in a private repo?
